answer
no.
Anchovy does not remove any foreign matter inside Leslie
Difference into facility
Fellow entrepreneur, without checking the equipment
By operating
joins anemometer
Using Jeon Do-yeon Deco
While carrying the product
I stole my bag and run away.
Foot spine fracture injury
Beckham was charged with transferring Jeong Young-chul to a pair of two
Bacon Choi Kyoung-joo was leaning on carelessness of colleagues
Fractured foot fracture of workers who were facing each other
Big and small award
And resuming business even if it leads to death
We talk about the possibilities of industrial materials in the oil cast work
What are the potential risks?
What are some ways to prevent industrial accidents?
The meat processing process
To 5 levels of stock price
ipo financial
They are screened in the air of a fighter.
Made of product through packaging process
Preparation before work.
Before you start
To maintain cleanliness and prevent accidents at work sites
Be sure to invade China and safe already
Receive workplace safety training in accordance with the administrator's instructions
Stretching is carried out to point out
The nature of the task of collecting a lot of water
With a slippery floor
To sit and wear
You have to look at your attention.
If you are working in a place with a lot of noise
To conclude hearing protection
You need to start working
As a recording discrepancy
To prevent accidents
And to be amazed at
Publicly
Safety precautions to keep during operation
During screening
To wear iron gloves
To prevent retailers
With a knife
Do not move raw meat.
The frozen meat is recorded.
Due to ice
Very slippery on the work floor
Pay special attention to slip accidents
Overlapping accidents do not occur
Editorial and Dangerous Sites
Helping private
Facility operation etc.
Look out for dangerous areas.
Kang Ho-dong is not in the catch
Prevent malfunctions during machine inspection
Attach a sign indicating that the inspection is underway.
Workers continue to be able to export internal exports
Take a restraint.
When exporting the report, make sure that the dispatch is not
The lock is stuck
On the bottom of our train,
To prevent
Think lightly about basics, observe safety rules,
Without confirming the inclusion
If there is a case that an accident occurred when I visited the facility
Sir Ferguson, along with five years ago in earnest,
While I was working
I do not know what I'm introducing
scary.
Such a case I entrusted.
Be careful, then
He is not.
Photo inside and outside
By their own checks
I need to be thoroughly accountable to the East Coast.
Meat processing factory in the food industry
Just keep it.
To secure safety participation
Be sure to wear a safety harness on weekends
I will
Running solvy
Do not manipulate it arbitrarily
The operation of the equipment thoroughly inside and the flesh-centered
Make sure
Night